When did you buy the villa here?
It's from the King of the Leopard.
I also gave you a set at that time.
Well, it's right next door to Tianzi Villa 1.
I just never lived there.
It seems that there is indeed such a thing.
I remember now.
After I got divorced
I live alone.
The house is too big
It feels so empty.
Then I forgot about it
Who are you?
Except for sister-in-law and real things, you care about it.
Don't care about other things at all
Come on, what's the big deal, you have to say it here
Don't worry, we haven't seen each other for so long.
I don't want to talk about it.
Hey, let me tell you
You're still as boring as ever
Go ahead.
The Mysterious Dragon King announced the entire underground world
The day after tomorrow, he will hold a meeting of alliance leaders
The new leader of the Heaven and Earth Alliance is in Yuzhou
What does this have to do with me?
The Heaven and Earth Alliance was created by you
Why does it have nothing to do with you?
I have quit the arena
However, the Heaven and Earth Alliance has been leaderless for the past three years
It's time to choose a new leader
Xiaolong has always been very motivated
The position of the leader of the Heaven and Earth Alliance
What he came for is also understandable and motivated
How is he making progress?
He is naked ambition
Ambition is also a kind of self-motivated.
Then if I say that Shenzhen was kidnapped back then
He's the mastermind behind the scenes